Check-in time is after 3pm and check-out time is after 10am.
Room service is provided to guests staying in triple rooms or above. A menu is provided in all such rooms with a list of our available meals for the day.
Whilst there is no minimum age to book a room, at least one member of the party must be 18+ to accept the booking.
Complaints can be submitted below. The information will be stored and sent to the nearest manager/supervisor for consideration.
You can extend your booking to a maximum of 14 consecutive nights, including the nights you have already booked.
We operate on a dynamic pricing model, adjusting our prices to suit the predicted demand for any given day.
In the event of a fire or other hazardous incident, an alarm will sound and you will be instructed to vacate your room. Follow the advice given over the speakers and walk to the carpark of the hotel in an orderly fashion.
While we do our best to ensure our guests comfort, we accept that some guests may find their stay unsatisfactory. In which case, fill out the below form to request a refund.
The maximum occupancy for each room is as follows; Single: 2, Double: 3, Twin: 3, Triple: 4, Quad: 5. If your party is bigger than these sizes, you will need to book additional rooms.
We accept payments using Mastercard, Visa or Paypal.
Upon booking a room, you will receive confirmation via your provided email and phone number.
Available amenities include HD TV, Kettle, Hairdryer, Radiator, Ironing Board and a free Shaving Kit in all rooms.
Our hotel offers free onsite parking, upon booking in you will receive a tag you can place on your dashboard. However we operate on a first-come, first-served basis so parking spaces may be limited.
The nearest shops are located within the same block as the hotel, with a newsagents, HSBC bank and Fish and Chip takeaway.
Guests can amend their booking up until the before they're due, but will lose their booking deposit if they do so.
Children are welcome at our hotel, as long as at least one member of the party is 18+.
Pets are not allowed in our hotel.
A miniture elevator is present at the front door of the hotel for wheelchair users. All doors are motion-sensor based.
All rooms come with en-suite bathrooms available.
A single room is a room with a single bed.
A double room is a room with king size bed.
A twin room is a room with two single beds.
A triple room is a room with three single beds.
A quad room is a room with two king size beds.
We have our own bar located on the first floor, open from 6pm-11pm. We also have a restaurant positioned next-door open from 3pm-10pm.
Each room has a telephone installed that you can use to contact the hotel desk directly from 9am-6pm
Our hotel has a holding area that guests can use for their luggage after checking out, behind the reception desk.
Guests can make a booking on behalf of another person, but the billpayer must be included in the guest list.

